chore: change wording and move periods outside of links (#1703)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/authentication/configuration/email-sms-templates.mdx

### Revolvapp WYSIWYG email editor plugin

> The email editor uses the [Revolvapp](https://imperavi.com/redactor/legacy/revolvapp) email template editor plugin by Imperavi. To acquaint yourself with the template markup syntax, consult the corresponding [documentation page](https://imperavi.com/redactor/legacy/revolvapp/docs/syntax/quick-start).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The email editor uses the [Revolvapp](https://imperavi.com/redactor/legacy/revolvapp) email template editor plugin by Imperavi. To acquaint yourself with the template markup syntax, consult [Imperavi's docs](https://imperavi.com/redactor/legacy/revolvapp/docs/syntax/quick-start).
```
